1. What is HTML?
Ans -HTML HyperText markup language is the standard markup language used to create and structure web pages.


2. What is the difference between HTML and HTML5?
Ans - html is a older version and HTML5 is new version which support mordern and third party plugins.



3. What are semantic tags in HTML?
Ans - semantic tags are tags which describe  html element  clearly to developer.
      header,nav,main section,article,footer


4. What is the difference between <div> and <span>?
Ans - <div> is block-level  and <span> is inline



5. What is the difference between id and class?
Ans - #id  element is unique can be used once .class element can bea used
multiple time.



6. What are block-level and inline elements?
Ans - block-element uses the full width and continues on next line and inline element uses only 
the content width and can add more elementsis same line.



7. What is the purpose of the alt attribute?
Ans - the alt attribute provides alternative text for an image.


8. What are meta tags?
Ans - meta tags provide metadata about a web page and are placed inside the <head> element.


9. What is CSS?
Ans - CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is used to style HTML elements.

10. What are the different ways to apply CSS?
Ans - internal, external, inline css.


11. Explain the CSS Box Model.
Ans - box model is web design that treats every HTML element as a four-diamension rectangular box.



12. What is the difference between Margin and Padding?
Ans - margin is use outside border and padding used inside border


13. What is CSS Specificity?
Ans - algorithm browser use to determine which style rule gets applied to an HTML element when multiplerules target them

14. What is the difference between display: none and visibility: hidden?
Ans - display:none is used to hide but does not aqupies space
  visibility:hidden is used to hide but it aqupies space in background.


15. What is the difference between Relative, Absolute, Fixed, and Sticky positioning?
Ans - Position: relative; is positioned relative to its normal position in  the document flow.
     Absolute:Element is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor
     Fixed:Element is positioned relative to the viewport
     Sticky: Toggles between a relative and fixed position, depending on the scroll position.   


16. What is Flexbox?
Ans - felxbox is a one diamension layout which has  display,justify-content,alig-items.



17. What is CSS Grid?
Ans - css grids is row column layout or 3-diamension layout  which has display:grid; 


18. What is the difference between Flexbox and Grid?
Ans - flexbox and  grid are the powerful css layout which can be used for design


19. What is Responsive Web Design?
Ans - responsive web design is the responsive add to the  diffrent screen size like mobile view, tablet view, deskstop view it has sytax @Media(max-width)



20. What are Media Queries?
Ans- @Media(max-width:500px) maximum width
 @Media(min-width:700px)  minimum width
  @Media(max-width:486px; and min-width:856px ) here both max and min are applied
  Media Queries are use for different screen size  and according to the view media Queries are applied